
What tasks did your team set out to complete this past sprint? What did you actually complete? If they are not the same, what are the sources of this discrepancy?
--we sought to have a working note searching algorithm, which we do, and to have some sort of front end started, which we have. We wanted to have a better
  layout for the overall program by now, but we didn't get that finished because we decided that in the short-term it would be more productive for us to 
  finish the algorithm and get a functioning prototype rather than make large-scale decisions before we have a strong understanding of how our back-end works.

What tasks will your team complete this coming spring? How did you decide on these priorities?
--We will get an algorithm which can search multiple parameters and improve our existing program to work with objects rather than simply note type strings, which 
  will allow us to match attributes of nodes. We decided this because it will give us a stronger foundation to work on and a better understanding of how to move 
  forward when we understand the capabilities of our base algorithm.

How accurate were your estimates of the community partner's priorities, based on your initial meeting and then the subsequent email followups?
--Our estimations were inaccurate--we prioritized the note search as it was easiest but we didn't focus on the articulation and marking searches, which we now see
  are very important to our community partner, and need to be added soon.

Look back at your hopes and fears from the previous reflection. Have your hopes and fears changed? How? Why?
--Now that we have a working algorithm, my hope has shifted from that to having one which works well and is malleable to change parameters and how the notes are
  traversed, which is within the scope of the project but will take time. My fear about lacking direction is still there, because we still don't have a strong layout of 
  where we want to go overall, but I'm less nervous now because I think we can tackle that as the project takes a more concrete form. 
